Ok.
I like this.
Maybe this time,
we get lucky and make a baby?
Let's just have some fun.
Oh I like fun.
Just shut up and kiss me.
Sorry.
Hold on.
That damn watch.
Come on.
What's wrong.
You feel that?
No.
It stopped.
That's weird, I didn't feel anything.
Baby are you ok?
Yeah, I'm ok.
Ok but what the hell was that?
Oh my God, look?
Look out there.
What is that?
There he is.
Hello. How's our little guy
this morning?
Hello, how are you?
Oh look at you!
Look at you!
You are all sitting up!
Here, kick it.
Look at that big smile!
So happy!
You are crawling. Look at him crawl.
Look at him crawl.
Look at these overalls.
He's like a mini you.
Look at you putting your
little butt in the air.
Yeah, you are gonna work
on the farm like daddy.
Yes. Just like a Breyer.
Brandon, I'm gonna turn this off.
Say, Bye.
Bye.
Brandon.
It's time to get ready for school.
Gotcha!
Not even close!
I'm gonna find you.
Better not be in that barn.
You totally got me!
You are getting too big for this.
But you'll always be my baby boy.
Ok, let's go.
Took you long enough to find me.
Morning guys.
Hey.
What were you doing in there?
I was just hiding and stuff.
You know the rules on the barn right?
Yeah, I mean..
Come on, all those boards and nails and shit,
don't want you breaking your neck.
He was only in there for like two minutes.
Did you get breakfast?
Not yet.
Want some waffles?
Yeah sounds good.
You are making waffles?
Yeah I'm making waffles this morning.
What about some bacon?
And that is what we call a hive.
Wasps and bees.
Both members of the same insect family,
both with two pairs of wings,
both with stingers.
Can anyone tell me any
differences between them?
Mr. Breyer?
Well...
bees are pollinators and
wasps are predators.
Good, good. Anybody else?
And wasps are more aggressive,
more dangerous,
one species the Polistes Sulcifer
is what's called a brood parasite,
they've lost the ability to make nests so,
they use brute force to make other
wasp species raise their young,
and they make them feed their babies
things like beetle larvae and maggots.
Bro, why you are always talking
about maggots?
You must be one.
Ok. Alright.
Don't worry,
smart guys end up ruling the planet.
Brandon?
Brandon.
Hey.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.
What's going on, where am I?
It's me.
It's mom. It's mom, mom.
Look at me.
Ok. You are alright.
You are alright. You are alright.
You are alright.
You were sleepwalking I think.
Yeah I was...
There was...
This voices or...
or something...
I know.
You are ok now.
It's ok.
♪ Please don't worry ♪
♪ About a thing ♪
♪ Every little thing ♪
♪ Is gonna be alright ♪
♪ No don't worry ♪
♪ About a thing ♪
♪ Every little thing ♪
♪ Is gonna be alright ♪
♪ No don't worry ♪
♪ About a thing ♪
Everything alright?
Yeah he was...
Sleepwalking I guess?
Where?
No, just... He was downstairs.
He is, he is fine.
We should go to bed, yeah?
It's getting so late.
Hold underneath.
Keep it stiff. There you go, ok.
Alright, I think it's gonna hold it.
Do you want one of these?
Sure.
First couple of years after
we adopted you,
I had no clue how to be a dad.
And your mom she was out one day,
and you were balling your eyes out,
but I had the secret weapon.
So you gave me a piece of candy?
Yep!
Did it work?
I guess.
You didn't turn up that bad, did you?
Alright, you gonna be able
to get the lawn?
Because I gotta get to the seed store.
Yeah, no worries, I'll handle it.
Dammit.
Come on.
Stupid thing.
Oh you are not beating me, I love it!
Oh, oh, fancy.
You can't go that close.
That's how you shoot.
What about this brown one?
I feel like he's easy to pick up.
Right there, right there..
No!
You were way in front of it.
You hit this too fast.
Oh, this has to be it.
Come on.
♪ Happy birthday, dear Brandon. ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you. ♪
Hey. Look at that.
There you go.
This is for little kids.
Oh come on, make a wish!
Thank you Erica.
I didn't think they were gonna
bring it. It's pretty nice.
Yeah, if you don't want it, slide it
on over here, you know I'll take it.
Go on.
There we go.
So Brandon I hear you
are killing it in school.
He tested in the top 1%.
No he tested in the top 1/10th of 1%.
Yeah the whole faculty
it's talking about him.
He is our little secret genius.
So a special guy,
deserves a very special present,
this is from me and your aunt Merilee.
Go ahead open it!
I shot my first buck with
that very same model.
Cool.
No, no, no. No guns!
We talked about this Tori.
I know, but...
No, come on, he's still just a kid.
I'm 12 years old.
I know, exactly you are still a child.
Give it to me.
I'm sorry, what did you just say to me?
I said. Give it to me!
Brandon.
Ok, we are done here.
We're not having ice cream,
thank you so much.
Brandon, let's go.
Brandon, let's go!
Brandon!
Up! Now!
Brandon.
Listen to your father.
We are leaving. Let's go.
Love you guys.
I love you. I'm sorry.
So fun. Thank you.
Let's go.
Thank you so much. Call me later.
Ok.
Sorry.
Don't even worry about it.
I'm so sorry.
I love you, guys.
Babe, I've told you.
Are you sure you want kids?
I just don't get that kid.
Turns 12, all of a sudden,
he has a mouth on him?
It was so strange.
It was so unlike him.
Don't worry about him.
He is getting older. Changing.
We were so much worse
when we were his age.
Do you remember all the running
around we did, sneaking out,
fooling around in my parents basement.
Yeah.
You know my parents knew exactly
what we were doing down there.
Yeah.
They just didn't give a shit. They had
already written me off at that point.
Babe.
We can never do that, to Brandon.
He needs to know, we give a shit.
He will know.
Hey, why don't we go camping
this weekend?
Just the three of us, go to Drywood.
We haven't done that in so long.
You know what else
we haven't done in a while.
I know what you are thinking.
Gone to church.
We have not gone to church in a while.
Too late. Yeah.
That's not at all what
I was thinking about.
We need to clean up the closet,
that's what you were thinking.
No. No.
Ok, but you got to be quite.
I will be quite, I'm always quite.
He is not asleep yet.
Here.
What's that three or four?
We've got three we are good.
Ok.
We are good.
Go get the flashlight.
This needs batteries.
Brandon, it's gonna be cold, you are
gonna need your warm jacket ok?
Hey? Did you hear your mother bud?
Hey?
Brandon.
Hey honey.
Look what I've found.
What is that?
Is that, like, his idea of porn?
I think so.
Bras..
Guess we knew this day was coming.
What the hell is that?
It's this like a guy thing?
No that's not any guy thing I know.
Maybe we should have
a talk with him.
Hey Brandon.
You know you just had your birthday,
winch means that you are
becoming a young man and...
Your body is changing.
Ok.
Well, you might start developing,
you know...
feelings about women,
women's bodies...
I was just like you when
I was your age.
I also thought about girls all the time.
Yeah you know, nobody
was around to tell me that...
It was ok to...
Touch it or play with it.
With what?
You know with...
Your penis.
Ok.
Look the thing about...
you know sex it's not..
It's not about organs or body parts...
I mean...
you know it is that too but..
You know it's about finding the right
person and then falling in love.
Look man, all I'm saying
is you are a guy,
you know and you are gonna
have certain urges,
you know about girls you see in films
or girls in class or whatever.
And I'm just saying that it's ok
to give into them now and again.
Like, now?
What?
Like now.
No, no, no, not.
Not right now. No.
Good talk.
Brandon.
Mom!
What's wrong?
What's wrong? What's wrong?
Someone's there behind the curtain.
Honey there is no one here.
No, you have to believe me.
He was right there.
Who was?
Brandon Breyer.
Brandon?
Brandon!
Brandon where are you baby?
Can you hear me?
Brandon.
Brandon!
Oh my god.
Oh my god Brandon..
Your father and I are totally
freaked out!
I didn't mean to,
I was just taking a pee.
So you don't think I need to take
him to someone like a specialist...
Because there is...
No. For what?
For talking back to his dad
and keeping weird...
jerk-off literature material under
his mattress?
It's more than that, Mer.
I don't know, it's like, he's always been,
you know, my little sweet guy and now...
He is so different.
It's called puberty.
So I'm overreacting?
A little.
Alittle. A little bit.
Yeah.
I love you.
Thank you.
I'll call you.
Ok call me later, bye.
Thanks, Mer.
What's that?
What?
I wasn't snooping or anything.
Most of the line work.
It's good shading.
Fucking wolf.
Brandon?
Hey, what are you doing, buddy?
Buddy it's 10:30 at night.
Are you alright buddy?
Think so.
Come on man, let's get inside.
Oh my God.
Tori, Tori, Tori, hey!
Wake up.
What is it?
I need you to come outside.
Ok.
You see?
Oh shit.
Right.
So the wolf is back.
No. No baby. I...
This isn't a wolf, I mean,
this isn't an animal, I think...
I think this might be Brandon.
He was out here early tonight,
just staring at them.
And the chicken they were
all fucking going crazy.
Babe a wolf can't do this!
It can't rip a freaking door off open
and break a lock!
But our And your twelve years
old son can?
So you can't explain it either.
Kyle stop, it was the wolf.
I'm going to bed.
Ok guys this came is called,
Willows in the wind.
It's about walking together,
building trust.
Lean back and depend
on your classmates.
Come on, now focus.
Alright, very good guys.
When we trust each other,
good things happen.
Alright, you are our next big guy.
Let's hear it for Brandon.
Loser.
Nothing to be afraid of.
Your classmates have your back.
Good job.
Oh shit!
Way to trust the floor, Breyer.
Hey, hey, knock it off!
You ok bud?
Dammit Caitlyn give him a hand up.
Hey, hold on, we're all on
the same team here.
He is a pervert!
Liar.
Caitlyn, help him up,
Idiot.
Or you fail this class.
What are you doing?
Brandon.
Let go. Stop it!
Brandon stop!
Erica, he said he's sorry,
it was an accident, they are just kids.
Did you see my daughter's hand?
He is a goddamn animal
is what he is.
Can we just calm
down here, Erica please?
I want him in handcuffs
and I want him gone.
We are taking action,
Brandon is going to be
suspended for two days.
Suspended?
Do your job, arrest him!
I'm sorry ma'am, that's not your call.
After the suspesion
he will be in regular
sessions with our school
counselor miss Merilee.
His aunt? Oh, Jesus fucking Christ.
Right now, she is the only counselor.
You know what?
Her son was inside
my daughter's bedroom last Saturday.
He wasn't, he was camping with us.
He's a pervert. He's sick!
He was 30 miles away
from your house! Ok, Erica?
You just can't admit there is
something so fucked-up about your kid.
Do you even know
who his real mother is?
I'm his real mother.
I meant whatever inbred psycho
gave birth to him.
Hey!
I know exactly what you meant,
If trash talking a 12 years old child,
lets you sleep better at night Erica.
Maybe you are the one
who needs help.
I'm sorry about your daughter.
Get up, let's go.
I never did shit like that,
breaking a girl's hand?
Goddamn it.
Dad would whup my ass.
Yeah well, this isn't something
we can ass whip away.
I just...
I need to tell you something,
the other night when I've found him,
sleepwalking he wasn't...
downstairs he was in the barn.
Did he find it?
No, no.
But he was talking at the trapdoor.
How does he even know what's in there?
I don't think he does. I...
It was like he was drawn to it.
Babe, he may look like us and
sound like us,
But he's never bled,
not once in his whole life,
he's never been cut or..
Broken a bone or had a bruise.
And now it's hurting people!
Ichikaru Lorm Guma.
Ichikaru.
Take.
Ichikaru means take.
KANSAS METEOR 2006
Ichikaru Lorm.
Ichikaru Lorm Goma.
Brandon!
Ichikaru Lorm Guma.
Oh God.
Oh my God.
Lorm Lorm.
Ichikaru.
Karu. Ichikaru. Ichikaru.
Karu. Take.
Karu.
Take.
Wa.
Oh my God.
Brandon!
Take.
Wa.
Brandon!
Oh Brandon.
Baby, are you ok?
Baby.
It cut me!
Ok.
You are gonna be ok.
It'll be ok, ok, ok.
It'll be ok.
Are you ok?
Who am I?
You're our son.
What is this?
Where did I come from?
Listen baby, I...
I know it's been difficult for you lately
that you feel different from other kids.
You are different.
After your dad and I got married we
prayed and prayed for a baby for so long,
to God, to the universe or anyone
that was listening and then..
One night, one...
one perfect night,
someone listened.
We did not adopt you,
from an agency.
You came here,
arrived here...
in that.
We found you in the woods,
you were just a little guy, all alone.
You could barely breathe and so we...
we took you in...
and you've been a gift,
my baby boy.
I... I can't even imagine how overwhelmed,
you must feel right now.
But you have to know that
your dad and I we believe,
that you came here for a reason,
that you are special,
and that you, you are going
to do incredible...
You lied to me!
We. We.
We just wanted to take care of you...
No.
And we always planned...
You lied to me! You lied!
But, we...
I hate you!
You lied to me!
You liars, everything! You lie!
Hey, what?
I hate you, I hate this place!
What's going on in here.
Brandon.
He found it.
Take World.
Ichikaru Karu
Lorm
Take The World
Karu
Karu Ichikaru
Take The World
World
Take the world.
Don't scream.
What are you doing here?
I brought you flowers.
You can't be here.
Don't be scared,
I want to talk to you.
I want to tell you what
I've learned tonight.
I learned that...
I'm very...
special.
You are one of the only people
in the world that,
knows how special I am.
But someday...
they will all know.
My mom told me not to talk to you.
I'm gonna take care of that.
Have a good one Gary.
Hey, who's messing with me?
Is that you Gary?
Get out of here!
Leave me alone!
Is he awake?
I've called up two times already,
I heard him walking around.
Should somebody go up,
and get him? I mean...
Morning.
Hey Bud.
You know you are gonna
be late for school, right?
Yeah I know I was,
I was just in my room,
thinking.
Thinking about what?
Just about everything,
and...
It's totally cool.
I feel good.
Well, I'm glad you feel that way, buddy.
Me too.
You know, why don't you grab a seat,
you know.
Tell minutes late never killed
anyone, right?
They say she hasn't responded to any...
calls or texts.
That's correct.
This is the last place she was seen.
It doesn't look like a robbery.
Good God.
Did you talk to her daughter?
She is a mess right now.
Scared shitless.
I couldn't get two words out of her.
What is that?
So, I know this is kind of strange,
I'm your aunt and I'm also
your counselor but,
I'm the only one, the district has
got so you are stuck with me.
So Brandon your mom
tells me that you've been
having some issues lately
about being adopted.
Nothing bad, only good ones.
Really? How so?
I've realized I'm special,
because my real parents
aren't from a stupid place like here.
Brandon you don't think of your
mom and dad as your real parents?
I do, I just know I'm something else,
something superior.
Brandon,
do you feel bad about what
you did to Caitlyn?
You know,
sometimes...
when bad things happen
to people, it's for a good reason.
Brandon, part of my job,
is to update the school and update
your mom on your progress
and let them know if you are showing
any growth of remorse and I..
I can't take it easy on you because...
you are my family.
Brandon, I'm giving you an
opportunity to talk to me.
I'm supposed to update the sheriff tomorrow
and I have to be honest with him.
Yeah my buddy said the diner was just...
was just wrecked
and the waitress Erica was gone.
It's been 24 hours.
Kyle, do you think your son
could've done it?
Dude. What?
He crushed her daughter's hand.
This is not funny right now, ok?
Ok, I'm sorry.
So...
what is gonna happen with all that.
I don't know,
he got suspended for a few days and...
I'm sure I'm gonna get a call from some lawyer
telling me that my son's a monster, winch...
I don't know anymore, maybe he is.
Yeah, they are all monsters,
I'm going home.
Come on! One more.
One more, come on!
No, no, I got to get home
or Merilee is gonna kill me.
Yeah, come on, I'll drive you.
It's just a few miles down the road, ok.
No, hang on I'll drive.
Mommy, I'm ok.
Brandon.
I'm home, I've got sesame chicken.
Brandon?
What?
Alert: Motion backyard.
What the hell.
Hey.
Brandon, Jesus.
What are you doing here?
I need to talk to you.
I know it's late,
but I promise I won't take long.
Ok, fine.
Back in your office, you
mentioned something about...
talking to the sheriff tomorrow?
That's right.
Yeah, the thing is..
That can't happen.
Ever.
It's just not good for anyone.
Not for me,
not for my parents,
and it's really,
really not good for you.
At all.
Brandon, listen to me, ok?
I have to do my job.
And to be honest, you showing up
at my house this late,
it's very inappropriate, I'm gonna
need you to go home now, ok?
Ok.
I'll walk back.
Ok sweety, be safe.
You too.
Alert: Motion backyard.
What the hell?
Seriously?
Alert: Motion backyard.
Brandon, is that you?
This is so annoying.
Alert. Alert. Alert.
Great, the whole freaking house
is falling apart.
Oh shit!
Brandon?
What the fuck are you doing?
Aunt Merilee was helping
me with my homework.
No, what the fuck are you doing
in my closet wearing this creepy mask!
It's not creepy!
You scared the shit out of me,
you weirdo!
Come on, I'm taking you home.
This is fucking insane.
I didn't do anything.
Are you gonna tell my parents?
You are lucky if that's all I do!
Get in the truck.
You shouldn't tell my parents.
Brandon, get in the truck!
Shit.
What the fuck!
What the..
Come on, come on, come on.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come on! Damnit!
Come on!
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on!
Come on!
Dammit!
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on!
You stupid piece of shit!
Oh shit.
Ok.
Ok, it's time to go!
No.
No. No. No.
Come on!
Get out of here! Gotta go!
Let's go!
Come on.
Ok.
This is... really bad.
What the fuck!
Stop, stop!
Oh shit!
Oh fuck!
Goddammit. Fuck, fuck!
Goddammit!
Fuck!
Hi Merilee. I know,
I'm leaving a lot of messages,
it's just that it's after 10 now
and we still haven't seen him, so...
Did she say anything to him at school?
Maybe he said something
to you at school today or...
If someone was gonna give
him a ride home or son..
Shut up!
Where he wants,
to go after school I... I...
I... I'm obviously rambling because I'm...
freaking out, so just
please call me back, thank you.
Please, stop?
I didn't say anything.
Oh my God, Baby!
Where have you been?
Where were you, what happened
to your shirt?
I was playing soccer.
You have been playing
soccer this whole time?
Well... after school,
Royce and them asked me
if I wanted to play.
And as soon as the game
started they wer...
They were tripping me,
and pushing me to the ground,
and...
they were all laughing
because my shirt got ripped.
I just decided I'd walk all...
all the way home.
I know I should've called.
Yes.
Actually I'm, I'm just really
tired, I'm gonna go to bed.
Ok, let me take this.
No.
Don't worry about it.
It's fine.
I'll come up in a couple minutes.
He's lying.
Yeah, obviously.
I've told you if we don't do something
this is gonna get worst.
What the fuck do we do?
I don't know.
Maybe we need to talk to somebody
he needs a... like a specialist.
What?
And say what to him?
I don't know.
Hello this is our son. We found him in a
fucking spaceship in the woods, now what?
No we should've done something
a long time ago, this is on us.
Maybe this time we get lucky,
like a baby?
Just shut up and kiss me.
There's, like, a light in the woods.
What?
Tori?
Tori.
Hey Baby.
What are you doing?
It's a boy.
Oh we tried for so long,
to have a baby and he's here.
He's here.
Our gift.
Hello?
Hey. Hey.
Meri.
They won't, they won't let me
see him, he has his..
They said that his face,
is too mangled.
Did they know what happened?
They. They found him on route 18,
they think that he swerved
to not hit a deer and..
And they. they are doing the
toxicology to make sure
that he wasn't drinking.
Was he drinking?
No, he just had like two
or three drinks of...
I wasn't counting.
How's Brandon?
He is ok, we didn't tell him anything.
No but did he get home ok?
Yes he did.
Ok, thank God, thank God.
He came over and I still
remember when he left,
so I'm just glad that he is ok.
He left you?
Morning baby.
Listen, there is something that
we need to discuss with you.
And it's probably gonna be
hard to hear.
Last night, your uncle Noah.
He died last night.
Ok.
Brandon do you understand?
Your uncle Noah passed away.
He is gone.
I feel like you want me
to cry or something.
Do you wanna cry?
Brandon,
we know that you were
at Merilee's last night.
Honey,
I'm your mom,
I will always defend you.
But if you know something about what
happened to Noah, you need to tell us.
I don't know what happened to him,
but I would never hurt uncle Noah,
I love him.
That is bullshit, he is fucking lying!
Kyle.
Look we know you were there.
What else are you lying to us about?
Can you calm down?
Were you in Caitlyn's bedroom?
He was camping with us.
Where were you Wednesday night
when Caitlyn's mom went missing?
This is not helping.
He's lying to our fucking faces.
I'm gonna go upstairs.
You...
No you are not.
You are not going anywhere,
until we get all this on the table.
Kyle, I will handle it!
Right now, right now. Right now!
Did you hurt Noah?
What did you do to him?
He was my friend,
and you just fucking...
Leave me alone!
Brandon.
You need to go to your room.
Just go to your room.
Are you alright?
Honey?
He's hiding that fucking
shirt for some reason.
Honey.
Shit.
Dad?
Hey Bud.
I wanted to apologize.
We've been going through
a lot lately and...
I shouldn't have said what I said
to you.
Ok.
Come here.
What?
It's right there.
That could be anything.
No, no, no, no.
That is why he was hiding
this from us last night.
That is Noah's blood.
How?
How could Brandon have killed Noah
and then made it look like a car accident.
Who knows what kind of
weird shit he could do.
Noah was drunk,
and wrecked the car,
because you let him drive.
No, no, no, that is not...
And now you are trying to take out
your guilt on our 12 years old son.
Babe.
You are making a hard situation,
impossible.
Babe, we've got to do something.
If we don't more people are gonna
get hurt or people will die.
You got to be with me on this.
I will never turn against our son.
He is not our son!
He is some thing
we found in the woods.
How fucking dare you say that to me?
How dare you fucking say that to me!
Babe!
Babe.
Come on, he is killing us!
We now turn to more
sombre news tonight,
as authorities are reaching
out to the public.
For information in their search,
for missing Darbo's waitress
Erica Connor.
Who was last seen
at the iconic route 74 diner...
Anyone with information
about her whereabouts
is strongly urged
to contact police officials.
Are you ok?
Honey, I might take him...
we take away this weekend,
just the two of us.
Take him out to Drive-wood,
be his dad,
let him know I love him.
Here, don't forget these.
Just wear them for me.
Ok.
You'll always be my baby boy.
Oh my God you are getting so tall.
Go have fun with your dad, ok?
Alright.
Seat-belt.
See you Sunday.
Good afternoon Tori.
Hey.
Your boy around by chance?
Brandon went hunting with his dad.
Is something wrong?
Maybe you can answer
a question for me.
Does this look familiar to you?
Some kind of signature left at the spots
where both Erika went missing and Noad died.
No.
That doesn't look like a..
BB, maybe?
As in Brandon Breyer?
I don't see it.
Would you mind if I come in,
take a look around?
I do mind, I think actually
you should go.
Alright,
but you know, I'll be back.
These are deer tracks.
Looks like there is more
than one set of tracks.
Brandon?
Oh man.
What are you doing?
Fuck.
No.
Please, stop.
Please.
God.
Brandon, please!
Stop. Stop don't hurt me ok?
Brandon, please. please.
Please.
Brandon. Don't, don't. I'm sorry.
Pick up, pick up!
Kyle.
Kyle I'm sorry, you were right,
Baby you were right, he...
He killed Noah.
He. Brandon.
He did, he killed Noah.
And...
Kyle?
Mom.
Where's dad?
He is gone.
Gone where?
You know.
No.
No I don't.
I don't know where.
Where are you?
I'm home mom.
Brandon?
Please pick up, please pick up.
Please help me.
Please.
911.
Got a call from the Breyer residence,
Tori was screaming,
then the line went dead.
Shit. I'm on my way.
What the fuck?
Yeah.
Tori!
You got the sheriffs here.
Where are you?
Come to the sound of my voice, Tori.
I'm. I'm here.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck was that?
Tori!
I'm here.
You are safe now, we got you.
No, no, no, no, no, you need...
Go! Take cover!
No you don't understand.
Go! Hide! Hide!
Requesting backup,
at the Breyer residence.
Immediate help!
We have a 217 in progress at route 9.
Requesting backup.
I repeat.
I need backup!
Come in.
I repeat.
I have a 217 in progress
at the Breyer residence,
I need backup immediately!
Officer?
If anyone can read me,
I have eyes on the suspect.
He's outside.
Officer? Officer Ayres, come in.
Come in, Officer Ayres.
Hello?
Did you hear me, come on?
The ship, it cut him.
It cut him, it cut him.
Erica.
Brandon.
Where are you baby?
Brandon?
Brandon.
Mom?
Listen to me.
I have never stopped loving you.
I believe,
I still believe,
you are a blessing,
that fell to this earth.
When we found you.
You were so tiny and fragile,
and all we could do was,
keep you safe..
Whatever you've done,
I know there is good inside you.
I wanna do good, mom.
I do.
And you will.
You will always be...
My baby boy.
Oh Brandon, I'm sorry.
Oh Brandon.
Breaking news at this hour.
A passenger jet has crashed,
In the small town of Brightburn,
Kansas.
Details are still coming in,
but there are believed to be,
no survivors among the
268 passengers on board.
Investigators are not yet sure what caused
the plane to drop suddenly from the sky,
and crash into this small family farm.
Among the reported dead,
are the residents of the farmhouse,
Kyle and Tori Breyer,
they are survived by
their 12 years old son, Brandon.
The mainstream media, as usual,
tried to sell you all a load of bullshit.
Just like that,
half man half sea creature,
capsizing fishing vessels
in the south China sea.
Like, what we were talking
about last week.
Some kind of witch woman,
who chokes people out
with ropes and cords.
They are all out there.
They are all waiting.
And they are all gonna eat
our fucking breakfast,
unless we get our shit
together and do something!
By LESAIGNEUR
Sync & corrections December 2019